Deprecate this version and add a warning message to update to new version (#19)
Blazemeter/jmeter-http2-plugin: README.md

This plugin provides an HTTP2 Sampler and a custom View Result Tree to work with HTTP/2 protocol.

---

> ### *This plugin is deprecated and there will be no further support for it. Consider migrating to the [lastest version](https://github.com/Blazemeter/jmeter-http2-plugin/tree/HTTP2_V2.0) of the plugin.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### *This plugin is deprecated and there will be no further support for it. Consider migrating to the [latest version](https://github.com/Blazemeter/jmeter-http2-plugin/tree/master) of the plugin.*
```
